Adds guidelines for changelog. (#5106)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/master/contributing/docs-style-guide.md

`client` directory.

I hope you'll have fun with Python Markdown! :smile:

## Change log

> Format release notes as a bulletted list with each bullet describing a new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Format release notes as a bulleted list with each bullet describing a new
```

> feature, bug fix or change. Each bullet should contain at most a few sentences,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature, bug fix, or change. Each bullet point should contain at most a few sentences,
```

> the vast majority should be just one, that describes the change. Sentences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the vast majority should be just one sentence that describes the change. Sentences
```

> should be present tense, the things they've fixed should be past tense, for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be written in the present tense and the issues that were fixed past tense. For
```

example:

| Do not use | Use |
| ---------- | --- |
| Fixed a bug which causes ... | Fixes a bug which caused ... |

> I find it helpful to imagine the name of the release, i.e. "Pachyderm 1.11.0"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is helpful to imagine the name of the release, such as *Pachyderm 1.11.0*,
```

> prepended to each change in the log, to check if I'm using the right language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prepended to each change in the log.
```

> We use the following verbs for different types of changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following verbs for different types of changes:
```

| Use | Verb |
| --- | ---- |
| Bug fix | Fixes |
| New Feature | Adds |
| Version update of dependency | Updates |
| Generic change | Changes |

> Almost every line in our changelog starts with one of these words, however

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Almost every line in our changelog starts with one of these words. However,
```

> there are rare cases where it's awkward to explain the change using this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in rare cases where it is awkward to explain the change using this
```

> structure in which case it's fine to ignore it. However if you find yourself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
structure, it is fine to ignore it. But, if you find yourself
```

> using synonyms like "Upgrade" those should be replaced with words from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using synonyms like *Upgrade*, replace it with words from the
```

above table.

> Include the PR(s) that merged the change at the end of the line in parenthesis,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the PR(s) that merged the change at the end of the line in parenthesis.
```

> i.e. (#123). The # is significant because github will turn that into a link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, (#123). The # is significant because GitHub will turn that into a link.
```

> Don't include the issue that was closed by the change, that should be linked to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not include the issue that was closed by the change. Link to issues must be added
```

in the PR. If the change was contributed by an external contributor add

> "thanks to @user" i.e. "(#123, thanks to @user)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"thanks to @user". For example,  ``(#123, thanks to @user)``.
```

> Release notes are published in two places: CHANGELOG.md in this repo, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release notes are published in two places: ``CHANGELOG.md`` in this repo and the
```

> github release page. Make sure to update both when you publish change logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub release page. When you publish change logs, make sure to update both.
```
